State.
Martin’s iPhone: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Person did not show. So that's, I had a little bit of time now for me.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: I was like 20 minutes late earlier and I tried to call in
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, they didn't tell me was already 636 30 and I know I was expecting a seven o'clock setting when I have to rush, but
Magalie Marcellus: You're still I'm done.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I just didn't want you to think that was trying to blow anything up. I just have Batman.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I know, I know. Yes. Last week he had some issues. I wasn't sure feel
Yeah, everything gets misaligned.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah $360 later.
Magalie Marcellus: Was a problem.
Martin’s iPhone: A two problems. One was the throttle position sensor and the other one was the transmission cool and line.
Martin’s iPhone: Weekend just started shuttering shimmer in and I went into what they call limp mode and
Martin’s iPhone: Would go up past 1500 RPM and just bogged down so I shut it down right then and there and kind of glad that I did because it could have burnt the transmission up so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you're able to, you have to get somebody to fix that, or will you just
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, we had a toad to
Martin’s iPhone: Great here in town and
Magalie Marcellus: Danny.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, but he he really reamed is good, but I just didn't have time to really look at it any further.
Martin’s iPhone: She said, Well, we got this extra money. Let's just go ahead and grab them do it and then do it for look over on on the vehicle, because we just bought it.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, so you didn't get another vehicle.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah Kia
Martin’s iPhone: Kia Sorento
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, because I know you say you are looking, but I know you actually got another one.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'll get the truck, but we're just gonna hold off until we have some more money for a better truck, you know, trying to find
Magalie Marcellus: Something
Martin’s iPhone: A $500 it's decent she really one she wants to Chevy avalanche. So we're waiting, a good ones around four grand means
Do
Magalie Marcellus: So that the car that had the issues, don't you just got. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you guys knew about it already. Oh, is it something
Magalie Marcellus: No. Suppose
Martin’s iPhone: I'll actually went and got the vehicle and I didn't, I didn't go with her to do it kind of let her do you wanted to kind of do it on her own, and
Magalie Marcellus: It was this check my mechanic.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we just had to fully check now she got a good deal on page 1700 for it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It is that
Martin’s iPhone: He's it's oh six.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I'll show you.
Martin’s iPhone: It's not bad, actually. She did very good got little bit high mileage on it, but previous
Martin’s iPhone: Character.
Magalie Marcellus: Looks nice
Magalie Marcellus: Nice.
Martin’s iPhone: SUV.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, it's not bad.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, me.
Martin’s iPhone: A few things and it's like stabilize your bars and stuff like that but
Martin’s iPhone: That's all. All my, I can do that works.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, Lisa guys have another transportation
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm going to get
Martin’s iPhone: Dirty
Martin’s iPhone: risking it
Magalie Marcellus: On. Are you on that.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes. You just got paid yesterday, so I was supposed to go online and get everything done today, but we're actually going to look around for some cheaper, better insurance.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't pay
Magalie Marcellus: Did you guys do it online.
Martin’s iPhone: I did the general that's who I have
learned so much
Martin’s iPhone: No, I haven't tried on this one yet. I haven't
Magalie Marcellus: I haven't all
Martin’s iPhone: Right now in 135 a month. So I'm trying to
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe go with progressive data, send me something in the mail. Want to see if maybe we can get some more quotes and need to find something that would be a better better insurance to. I mean, I'm not really looking for cheaper. I'm looking for the best bang for the buck.
Martin’s iPhone: Because right now, I just got
Martin’s iPhone: State minimum on everything.
Magalie Marcellus: My body.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes. Yeah, that's our 22 instead of she's so we need to
Martin’s iPhone: Kind of be careful who we try to go through, because some of them will charges like almost $300 a month, last widespread was for two vehicles.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, not full coverage.
Martin’s iPhone: It's, I don't know. They don't call it full coverage. It's
Martin’s iPhone: It covers the vehicle, because I'm still making payments on it, but
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, it doesn't have, like, I don't, I don't like the way they put it
Martin’s iPhone: It's got $1,000 deductible on everything and
Magalie Marcellus: I see.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so it gets expensive if you have to do any repairs, anything like that.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright so emphasize that. How you been, it's been like almost three weeks now.
Magalie Marcellus: Since we last met here going, Oh, hi. Oh, is the weather nice for you know
Martin’s iPhone: Um, I finally got to take my shirt off today and go outside for a little bit.
Martin’s iPhone: So yeah, I did some gardening I planted potatoes and
Magalie Marcellus: Potatoes. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I just kind of did it on on the
Martin’s iPhone: Power of the moment thing.
Magalie Marcellus: I have done that before.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, years and years ago I
Magalie Marcellus: Haven't known grow there. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Yep.
Martin’s iPhone: Right now I I have planted about a foot below ground, but just like an inch or so of soil on top of them.
Martin’s iPhone: And I completed two inches, the straw in here in about two weeks I'll put a tire around it and then filled out with strong and then once you get four or five inches above that tire add another one to get to four tires.
And a whole bacon.
Magalie Marcellus: So then espoused around the
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Right. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Kind of repurpose some tires and it's also easier to harvest them.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, I've never yeah I've never done this method, but from what I saw online. I'll get around eight to 15 pounds perpetrate per
Magalie Marcellus: potato plant and we have a
Martin’s iPhone: Oh wow, and you don't have to dig.
Martin’s iPhone: Down, you know, real
Deep because
Magalie Marcellus: I'm just saying, oh, you sound like you got our talents.
Well,
Martin’s iPhone: Our YouTube a lot of stuff.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And it's very
Martin’s iPhone: It's a town, but it's not. I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: Man, that's my people, you know, really get to practice that or even get successful with those things because I can't plan anything. Nothing goes if I try so some people are better in those things and others.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I had a beat beat so I had a beat that sprouted
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm grown and now this
Magalie Marcellus: A mockup
Magalie Marcellus: What ya know, Penn says it looks like a
Martin’s iPhone: Circular
Planners
Martin’s iPhone: It's a full size beat, but it's
Martin’s iPhone: Up so I don't
Martin’s iPhone: Like in Barrington just kind of grown it for fun.
Martin’s iPhone: From there, yeah. Just let it flower, it just be like a flower, you know, but
Martin’s iPhone: Some fun to do.
Magalie Marcellus: Thanks man with just sweeping
Martin’s iPhone: Up I'm I'm sleeping, but I'm still having the nightmares and getting up three, four times a night.
Martin’s iPhone: All night.
Magalie Marcellus: Pizza Sandy.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm this as soon as I can get in because arrowhead clinics close so I might have to try to get to somebody else, if I want
Magalie Marcellus: So that was it was
Magalie Marcellus: Closed before you get to do you
Martin’s iPhone: Know they they
Martin’s iPhone: Called me on a Friday.
Martin’s iPhone: And I waited about a week.
Martin’s iPhone: Call and when I did, by that time to be closed, they're not seeing anybody Toby and April.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right.
Martin’s iPhone: I couldn't find somebody
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I could probably find somebody for that alone.
Magalie Marcellus: Know, right now, a lot of things I scattering back when I've been seeing patients or
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: everything that's going on now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, my orthopedic specialist for my carpal tunnel surgery on this hand I'm going in next week to Newark, provided that they stay open. It's been an hour drive
Magalie Marcellus: They close the call you.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that'll give you any update
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they close the I'm shocked. I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Shocked and click clinic so I have to go about an hour, hour and a half. So,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so that clinic is supposed to be open. Is that it, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: They close because the current virus.
Magalie Marcellus: But the other one because I know they not doing a lot of places that mad dog.
Magalie Marcellus: I will do we call elective surgeries and so things that can wait that they want people to wait.
Martin’s iPhone: Wait, I don't know if they call me first. I would assume that's okay. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I think it's just a consultation, the doctor.
Magalie Marcellus: Saab. Okay. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I had surgery on my right one already. And I feel
Martin’s iPhone: I feel better. Some opened up to the left.
Magalie Marcellus: And so you're having difficulty with Jonathan
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, just the same problems that Maria hand has pretty much just those tend to all the time taken sore.
Martin’s iPhone: My tendons. Did they just hurt all the times.
Martin’s iPhone: Arthritis and carpal tunnel.
Magalie Marcellus: And he says, part of it is the renal disease.
Martin’s iPhone: That might have some to do with the, you know, but I've had the issue for probably about five, six years now that it's gotten worse just sore. I mean, anytime I work with power tools or anything.
Martin’s iPhone: It just was my hands get swollen and things
Martin’s iPhone: Feel like really hard to open like I've been playing baseball all day and so
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. OK, so now going with this trip. So did you notice any
Magalie Marcellus: Reduction with those nightmares eyes. It's not the same.
Martin’s iPhone: As the last, the last dream that I had was not as intensely terrible
Martin’s iPhone: A lot of
Martin’s iPhone: Guilty Feelings as only way I can really describe it like
Martin’s iPhone: I mean, I get embarrassed real bad or or
Martin’s iPhone: am in a position where I do something that I feel out of place and go to
Magalie Marcellus: Town.
Martin’s iPhone: This week, though I haven't had any word there was like blood and gore and things like that so
Magalie Marcellus: And you're still taking the transfer down. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Last night I took one and a half by Dr. Jamison totally taken one and a half. See if that helps you sleep and I slept longer but part of the problem was last night. I'm having to
Martin’s iPhone: Get like of the bathrooms.
Magalie Marcellus: And has things with your
Magalie Marcellus: Significant other
Martin’s iPhone: Good. She's
Martin’s iPhone: Good. She's still sleeping. She worked last night and thinks she's just catching up on asleep. She'll probably be up all night tonight that
Martin’s iPhone: She doesn't work.
Magalie Marcellus: Because she works.
Magalie Marcellus: With seniors. Then she
Yeah, she's
Magalie Marcellus: Trying to stress, I'm into work.
Magalie Marcellus: The conditions that has gone on.
Martin’s iPhone: It's weighing on her a little bit, but she's pretty tough. She enjoys the challenge and
Martin’s iPhone: Just, you know, tough girl.
Martin’s iPhone: And I'm more than I can.
Magalie Marcellus: And what are you doing to keep yourself safe.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm I'm pretty much, you know, stand at home and anytime I'm going in the store. I have
Martin’s iPhone: I have hand sanitizer wipes.
Martin’s iPhone: And I just not really going around too many people I could be more careful, but
Magalie Marcellus: The person that you're working with is things slow down or
Magalie Marcellus: I go into that.
Martin’s iPhone: They just messaged me and said they had some more tomorrow for me to do so.
Magalie Marcellus: What time
Martin’s iPhone: Are detail, I know I got to put a few more lights and and
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, is that those building that you guys were
Magalie Marcellus: Working on
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm almost done with the delights in there and then I'll go to the warehouse and start on those. There's probably about 40 lights in there.
Martin’s iPhone: And from there, we have to. They're going to be starting to do pressure washing and roof repairs, possibly a couple routes.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm going to recommend that he does a roof on one of the the rentals. It's getting pretty bad.
Martin’s iPhone: As long as I push them a little bit, let me make the call.
Martin’s iPhone: So I have some good work coming up.
Magalie Marcellus: Does a roof inspection.
Martin’s iPhone: I do it all.
Magalie Marcellus: So you check to see where they need so that we need. So happened.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I've been pretty much intimate with these buildings for last often on last four or five years.
Magalie Marcellus: That I've done someone
Martin’s iPhone: I know a lot of the things that are going
Magalie Marcellus: On the issues.
That
Martin’s iPhone: If I recommend that that needs a new roof instead of sending me to repair it over and over here.
Magalie Marcellus: we're switching over here. I didn't know what you need. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: we're switching over from shingle roof thing to do in metal roofs on most of these. So I like shoveling better but metal is definitely has its advantages.
Martin’s iPhone: If I have somebody to help me with the screws, because an average roof will put in five to 10,000 screws so I need to
Martin’s iPhone: You know, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, a small roof is thousand screws.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Martin’s iPhone: It's just a lot of
Magalie Marcellus: People what happened there. So how long does this type of work would take
Magalie Marcellus: Weeks, months.
Martin’s iPhone: Well be busy all summer doing pressure washing and other things to probably have me doing some Mo and things like that, but
Martin’s iPhone: Most the
Martin’s iPhone: Most part is
Martin’s iPhone: Just random just depends.
Martin’s iPhone: But I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: If there's me as a sink that's leaking or how they need replaced or carpeting tour.
Martin’s iPhone: Lot of times because they have 87 rentals right if they yeah they evict somebody I have to go in and do a lot of the cleanup and stone.
Magalie Marcellus: Right hand to paint into some I asked him into it.
Martin’s iPhone: Just depends a lot of times liner, the wife will do painting, but a
Martin’s iPhone: Lot of times I'm open to the task and doing it. They don't, they usually try to get somebody that that you don't have to charge as much as
Magalie Marcellus: Less expensive for them to get the unit ready for rental. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And I keep you busy, I suppose. Yep.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean for the roofing this year. I want to try to tell them hey
Martin’s iPhone: You know, and I can go at my own pace. I want at least 14 and our
Martin’s iPhone: I don't want to go any lower than that.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm just, it's a lot of hard work for that.
Martin’s iPhone: But
Magalie Marcellus: We have other people's working with true
Martin’s iPhone: Depends on how bigger group. I'm going to do and
Martin’s iPhone: Time's
Martin’s iPhone: Up a one person in as a helper.
Martin’s iPhone: I can do them all on my own, but
Martin’s iPhone: It just depends on if it's a one story to story a big it is.
Martin’s iPhone: A lot of the stuff I just do on my own. Just take my time and do it.
Magalie Marcellus: So does that impact any type of pain and, especially, you said with your hand. So how does that, how do you work on
Martin’s iPhone: Your my hands when I have to tear off shingles and things like that. It's my hands, but
Martin’s iPhone: The roofing part mostly is on my back.
Martin’s iPhone: Back and knees, my knees aren't too bad, but on my back starting knows last couple years, and my back really can do as far as being, you know, hunched over like this and pounding on the shingles.
Martin’s iPhone: stuff starts through my lower backs and there's no real
Magalie Marcellus: One day to do
Magalie Marcellus: So we leave any kind of pain, discomfort. Why would you do those
Martin’s iPhone: Steps go through
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, why you should take Percocet, some bacon and all that, because that was the only thing that could really take it away. I mean, I've improved from a little bit you know that
Martin’s iPhone: Really just time time and rest is down thing I can do like if I get too far and I get to the point where I need to stop just stop, stop.
Magalie Marcellus: Playing. I don't know how much you can your body can handle. Then you take a break. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So we charge
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, the heat day doesn't really bother me. Sometimes it does, but I mean I'm just so used to it now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, because if it's if it's 90 degrees on the ground 120 or
Magalie Marcellus: 100 I can imagine. And they say, that doesn't bother you.
Martin’s iPhone: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Not real at night, no healing session.
Martin’s iPhone: I've had it. Oh, yeah. I mean, if, if I'm not careful, get that for sure.
Magalie Marcellus: And a lot of
Magalie Marcellus: Hydrated drink I liquid water.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, some days to go through a gallon of water. Easy.
Martin’s iPhone: And then a weird thing is, I'll go drink a gallon of water and not p at all. Once maybe
Magalie Marcellus: That's interesting.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, in the morning. See, when I get home. I drink a lot more relaxed occurs in the morning I'll get up and go pee. But then once I get to work in and start working on time so I will be at all during the day.
Martin’s iPhone: And I can drink a guy or
Martin’s iPhone: You know,
Martin’s iPhone: That's just
Magalie Marcellus: Not
Magalie Marcellus: Good. That is my bladder, but
Martin’s iPhone: No, it creates really dark urine and stuff, but there's really no way around it. I mean, if I'm going to do this work, I have to
Martin’s iPhone: Just have to endure it
Magalie Marcellus: When you have
Magalie Marcellus: One, though, you have to take some breaks in between to make sure you take care of that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: It just depends on on what we're doing. I mean sometimes I can take a break. But it's, it's still that hard.
It's hard.
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes it's hard to find a job, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: I try to work it out where I'm working with the sun. So if I know that I've got, like, the harder part of the day, I'll try to end up on the side that's it shaded if there's a shaded area.
Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: Earlier before the sun gets oh
Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. A lot of times, US 36 o'clock in the morning, if I can.
Martin’s iPhone: And then like around noon have to stop because smearing the shingles with my team.
Martin’s iPhone: Mistake. They can only take so much to. I mean, it's so hot that they start
Martin’s iPhone: Like if you try to step on them in your room so
Martin’s iPhone: If I'm saying
Magalie Marcellus: Also, the last time we spoke about some of those safety concern that you had. So any issues since we last talked
Magalie Marcellus: We got in your older son.
Magalie Marcellus: No, I haven't had a chance to reach out at all. Nope.
Martin’s iPhone: Nope. It pretty much like
Martin’s iPhone: I'm pretty sure he knows that.
I know way.
Martin’s iPhone: In three
Martin’s iPhone: Years.
Martin’s iPhone: For
Martin’s iPhone: Her kids and try to get ahold of them today, and I haven't heard anything back to what they do, usually wait a day or two and then respond
Martin’s iPhone: My other kids.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you you call her directly, or do you have to go to the
Parent or no.
Martin’s iPhone: No.
Martin’s iPhone: No, I just directly to him.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: At least you know you're making the effort to reach out. Yeah. And I was concerned right now you know all around the country in the world with what's going on. So everybody wanna make sure, keeping in contact with your loved one and
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah sure that they okay
Magalie Marcellus: So how are you handling all this changes or the lead and all our people experiencing a lot of anxiety. So how do you feel, oh
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, I'm okay. I don't, I don't really have any anxiety and actually feel weird when I walk into a store and people are like stink way I feel kind of like, at first I was like
Magalie Marcellus: In this fence.
Yeah, just
Martin’s iPhone: But
Martin’s iPhone: More and more, I see that the more I understand it.
Magalie Marcellus: You know reason behind it. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Like China, you know, they, they have been used to it for a while with the diseases and wearing masks and stuff. So it's, it's very good because the the
Magalie Marcellus: So therefore, they air quality.
Martin’s iPhone: Quality yeah and stuff like yeah but now now with me seeing everybody. I'm just now kind of get
Martin’s iPhone: used to seeing everybody wearing
Magalie Marcellus: This is the fat man.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, you can't get on like a book or TV and watch the news without everything guys throwing the virus.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah right now that's
Martin’s iPhone: 10 deaths in Ohio and 700 or so confirmed cases hear
Martin’s iPhone: Me. Yeah, in my county
Martin’s iPhone: confirmed cases.
Magalie Marcellus: Six.
Magalie Marcellus: And it's all around unfortunate that honest, the states and probably most of the world has some kind of infection in their
Magalie Marcellus: Chairs unfortunate your client right have to do their part.
Magalie Marcellus: So keep each other safe.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, you know, I mean, I know it's not as bad as, like, a lot of people say you know the the death rate stuff, but I was watching a graph on one of the news channels.
Martin’s iPhone: Showing the difference in how how fast it spread down may people. Next, the alarming thing is that
Martin’s iPhone: Compared to like say flu and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: It is way more true Tejas
Martin’s iPhone: Seems like really wants to get around. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And some of it. You don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: That's the other part that's alarming.
Martin’s iPhone: Yet got like six rows a bath tissue like six four packs of batch issue, how
Magalie Marcellus: Were you able to find some Fisher.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I think
Martin’s iPhone: Two rows today. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, I found
Magalie Marcellus: The channel restock yeah
Martin’s iPhone: I'm just staying above what I would normally keep stopped.
Martin’s iPhone: And I wouldn't go more ammunition for the gun, just to make sure that people start looting and things like that that I'll be
Martin’s iPhone: I hope it does.
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, I'm here and I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Stuck on a little bit baffled why everybody is buying power but
Martin’s iPhone: Because, like, if you look at Chicago and a few other places like that that are really that have really been affected, they're starting to implement like curfews and things like that.
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, a lot of city but I
Magalie Marcellus: Found by people trying to
Well,
Martin’s iPhone: Not yet, but they've actually made in some states in some
Martin’s iPhone: Counties, that if you there that the police are not going to respond to assaults, they're not going to respond to that they're not gonna respond like there's certain things. They're not even going to respond to, because they just can't. So that's where
Magalie Marcellus: I have enough manpower.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. And I just pray doesn't get to that part because
Magalie Marcellus: You know, yes. You want to feel safe, I'm being able to protect yourself. But the best thing is not even have to be involved in a situation where I can be deadly for any diving.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, if I don't use the MO for anything. They have a good target practice and I wouldn't
Magalie Marcellus: Want in
Martin’s iPhone: This would be my first year. If I go
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You can use it for something else.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a soap. It's nothing. You know that, right.
Martin’s iPhone: Now,
Martin’s iPhone: And i doing charges to
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I didn't want to buy just to defend myself. I wanted to put it to use to
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. So, and I like rabbit. You can't buy rabbit story of to kind of go on getting. I mean, you can buy it but finding it and then the price of it compared to just go
Magalie Marcellus: There are so many Where'd you
Magalie Marcellus: Find it
Martin’s iPhone: Well, they have they have some markets that have rabbit, but around here. They are so plentiful in the winners. When you go hunting for him because
Martin’s iPhone: Also that
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they're more plump their hair plump in the fall, slash winner, but they get there. They get rid all the fleas and stuff in the winter. So they're way better food, you know, in the winter.
Martin’s iPhone: There's a lot of the problems with
Martin’s iPhone: Rabbits and wrote in some things they they just have a
Martin’s iPhone: Nice person, you know, high other just riddled with fleas.
Certain
Magalie Marcellus: Area have different issues then dealing with has gone for you, you, you start on a weekly basis or go
Martin’s iPhone: Food
Martin’s iPhone: OH group, I think, said food. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Now the other group is weekly you want
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and how things going on. We're
Martin’s iPhone: Good, yeah. But even
Martin’s iPhone: Still, yep.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, a lot of talk about coronavirus and stuff. The last two
Martin’s iPhone: Weeks so
Martin’s iPhone: Preservation and things like
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And keeping yes
Magalie Marcellus: Listening to the one end and staying away, keeping that distance
Magalie Marcellus: pessimists. We
Magalie Marcellus: Take care yourself and
Magalie Marcellus: Something and any cravings are any situation where you felt that you wanted to use what
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I think about smoking weed. Again, for some reason, I don't. The only real benefit to that was that I would, I didn't have as many dreams.
Martin’s iPhone: But I think it's because I really am just craving like want you know the boredom and stuffs tries to sudden and I want to get high, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: The boredom.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, what are you doing to combat this
Martin’s iPhone: I just, I just don't do it abstinence
Magalie Marcellus: Right, what
Magalie Marcellus: Would, what do you
Magalie Marcellus: What
Magalie Marcellus: Productive or healthy things that you would do when you have those thoughts, the boredom. What can you do, could you pretty um
Magalie Marcellus: I just started working
Magalie Marcellus: As an hour skilled so
Yeah, like
Martin’s iPhone: Today I made a fence around one of the gardens and
I built
Martin’s iPhone: I cut some would put around the threshold of the door. I did laundry. I just gotten washer and dryer from my apartment. I brought it.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh yeah, and every
Martin’s iPhone: I repainted the dryer.
Magalie Marcellus: Today,
Martin’s iPhone: Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Day before yesterday. Yesterday, every painting did and then I installed the washer and dryer, because I could get it stops.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so yeah, and I find things to do to keep yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Busy so you don't have to think so much about
Martin’s iPhone: That feeling. Yeah, yeah, I'm still working on regarding the camper. I go shopping for tools.
Martin’s iPhone: Food and stuff like every, every couple of days ago and I forgot to put the milk and milk was out for like four hours today breath.
Martin’s iPhone: Away so far.
Martin’s iPhone: No sitting on the floor beside the pop that I bought and I didn't
Martin’s iPhone: set out for like four hours. So hopefully when I go to drink it, it will be airing
Magalie Marcellus: Too much, too much heat right yeah
Martin’s iPhone: I mean, you can leave stuff out for a little bit.
Magalie Marcellus: Cold
Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: Right been out for four hours, it might be simply it
Martin’s iPhone: PROBABLY TOO BAD.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: We want to check that out before you drink it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, definitely. I do small check on milk. Every time real picky about milk. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I've taken muscle milk at powdered milk powdered protein supplement muscle.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I'm I was down to 153 pounds and that's 20 pounds lighter than I was a year ago. So yeah, I've gained four pounds back already.
Magalie Marcellus: So you trying to gain more
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I want to be at least 161 65
Magalie Marcellus: As I just typical wait for you.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I shouldn't be down to like 151 55 or older. Like, if you look at the charts and stuff that's that's an ideal way but because because when the summer hits I lose
Martin’s iPhone: At least 10 pounds. During the stuff you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, I mean so active
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, I'm trying to both
Magalie Marcellus: I think any
Magalie Marcellus: Comments, questions, concerns.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm glad that I got the sleep schedule thing done. And now I'm just waiting for things to get better. So I can go for grow if there's anything I need to do.
Martin’s iPhone: And want to stay safe and sober.
Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Keep saving money and time to pay my child's for I did my taxes. It cost me over $300 because I was a year late
Martin’s iPhone: So I paid on yeah I paid $110 cash out of my pocket that I didn't really have to do that.
Martin’s iPhone: And now I'm only waiting for my income taxes to go through
Martin’s iPhone: And the baby will fear I do one year one.
Martin’s iPhone: Year one year was under 10 and then because I have a 1099
Magalie Marcellus: With this year.
Magalie Marcellus: for Latin America.
Martin’s iPhone: 18 was only 110 between 1990
Magalie Marcellus: Which is more things with the cell phone for contract work.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But that's kinda
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. They said they're going to take it out of my taxes so hopefully there's no issue.
Magalie Marcellus: At
Martin’s iPhone: All my money goes back to child support and I owe the 600 bucks per previous year.
Martin’s iPhone: So I'm not going to
Martin’s iPhone: Expect much back, but at least
Magalie Marcellus: My child support of the paid I recovered.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you doing a little by little.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, I take it,
Magalie Marcellus: Back on track.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I never imagined Jim take this long. Well, first of all, I'm glad because I mean I'm accomplishing I'm done to 1200 dollars that I owed state for fines for the BMP but now I gotta pay for a wreck that I got a flip the jeep and I killed 30 feet of
Martin’s iPhone: Of
Martin’s iPhone: Barrier whatever we call it stuff. The road guardrail
Martin’s iPhone: It costs 1000 at
Magalie Marcellus: A time issue for for that.
Yeah, they charged before
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Now they're charging interest. So I'm up to like 1400 and something dollars on it. So I need to say
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll have some kind of payment arrangement, so they can stop.
Magalie Marcellus: Putting that lesson on a piece on it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, Mike file for bankruptcy. I don't know. I've got that I've got about 20,000 in debt. So I don't know what I'm going to do yet. I might. I might go ahead and
Martin’s iPhone: Cost 100 AND SOMETHING DOLLARS. Michelle just did it for her stuff so
Martin’s iPhone: We're gonna wait until we get probably next year. Get her in context, again, and maybe try to file.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so now
Martin’s iPhone: That. Yeah. That way I'm in debate, I don't know. I mean, I don't want to bankruptcy on my record. But at this point, which is worse continue right
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. Okay. If we can't maintain
Martin’s iPhone: Using owns everything and it's all grown interests think the best thing to do is
Martin’s iPhone: Try to fall and see what I can get.
Magalie Marcellus: My may wanna consult with
Magalie Marcellus: And whatever legal services that can
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, guys, over and over that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, she just paid him almost $900 to start hers.
Martin’s iPhone: Though it's a big investment because, you know, you see a lot of them that are like all $400 for bankruptcy and everything. Those are the ones you want to try to avoid because
Magalie Marcellus: It's not. You don't know how much a gun until yeah
Magalie Marcellus: But sometimes they may start the classes and don't fully completed.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I don't want to just on
Martin’s iPhone: The back of the paper.
Martin’s iPhone: I can't even
Magalie Marcellus: Though, that's again in
Magalie Marcellus: Venice and get referral from somebody who have used them and have a good success with the whatever service. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I wish you all the best and need to
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure I'm available for my next appointment, but
Magalie Marcellus: Right now I know they schedule a new patient. So it's gonna be hard to keep
Magalie Marcellus: Regular consistent schedule, but I don't want to keep
Magalie Marcellus: Meeting with you.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe right now if you if you want to do at least once a month. And so I can figure out a more consistent or if he's still need to have every two weeks, I can try to figure out how my schedule.
Magalie Marcellus: Can work.
Magalie Marcellus: With that
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm okay with once a month, I think about if you're if I if I have anything pressing. I'll just try to get all of you and
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: So what I'll do.
Magalie Marcellus: I have to take a look around on a schedule couple plans already. So then I'll send your email, probably by tomorrow.
Magalie Marcellus: And let you know what's my next availability, so I'll try to keep it for the Windsors because, let's see. That was better for you.
Magalie Marcellus: So we can do Wednesday.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, six or seven
Martin’s iPhone: Really. Yeah, it's like, whichever you okay
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, it's so I'll send you an email and will confirm for next month.
Magalie Marcellus: I think, again, like you said, happened prior to that just reach out to me and I can try to meet with you.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, you'd be saying to
Magalie Marcellus: You to keep working on your work recovery and all the best and be safe.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, thank you very much.
Magalie Marcellus: They can have a good night.
Martin’s iPhone: All right, my pain but